introducing workaround tracking rules (#443)
red-hat-storage/ocs-ci: docs/code_review.md

    changes, and once all comments are addressed, you can squash related
    commits together and force push to the branch. Then we will just merge
    whole PR.

> * If the pull request introduces a workaround, reviewer should check that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the pull request introduces a workaround, the reviewer should check that
```

  rules noted in [Tracking of workarounds](./workarounds.md) page are

>   followed. Person merging a workaround is responsible of checking that all

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  followed. The person merging a workaround is responsible for checking that all
```

>   information related to the workaround are correct.

Reviewer 2: information ... is correct

Author: fixed in 33c39585412ebb9c08b22d4a732148151ea4ee0c
